Update reference to the current WT commandline (#5164)
microsoft/terminal: doc/user-docs/index.md

To compile Windows Terminal yourself using the source code, follow the instructions in the [README](/README.md#developer-guidance).

> You check the WT [releases changes](https://github.com/microsoft/Terminal/releases).

Reviewer: This doesn't make sense.

> You check the WT [releases changes](https://github.com/microsoft/Terminal/releases).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this line's totally necessary here. Kinda feels out of place here to me. At the very least, I'd reword it 
```suggestion
Please refer to the Windows Terminal [releases notes](https://github.com/microsoft/Terminal/releases) for the latest changes.
```

### Command line options

> Please check [Using the wt.exe Commandline](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/blob/master/doc/user-docs/UsingCommandlineArguments.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Using the wt.exe Commandline](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/blob/master/doc/user-docs/UsingCommandlineArguments.md) for details on how to use the `wt.exe` commandline arguments.
```
